hello everyone this is dr. jerry cuomo
from boca raton florida this is the
second or maybe even the third part of
our morning session with the implants on
teeth numbers 11 12 and 13 excuse me 11
12 and 13 13 being the recent extraction
ponic area now I'm just showing you the
underside of this impression so that you
can get an understanding of what we want
to accomplish at that appointment
obviously the blue represents the
transfer coping okay we're looking at
the underside but if you notice you're
going to see a very very nice smooth
surface that will give the laboratory
technician the necessary space and with
no undercuts or tissue collapse so all
that will be transferred directly to the
model okay and I think what's hanging a
lot of dentist up is trying to get this
tissue replicated from the bone level
implant cases and getting it transferred
identically to the stone model and then
back with the custom abutments that are
made so I'm going to try to show you in
the next segment of what the what this
all looks like on the model so you can
see how we make the abutments so crystal
clear and perfect for the trying you can
see how much time we're actually saving
during this technique and you know time
is our most valuable commodity in our
practice especially when it's coming
from the lab we want that to be perfect
for us chairside alright so a little
summary about the transfer copings again
these are made right in my office I have
a special little jig that I use to to
replicate this tissue area so that we
get uniformity coming from the mouth to
the lab and impact
from the lab to us so that's about it
I'm ready to put in the the analog so
I'll going to go ahead and do that
that's a simple thing to do I we don't
track excuse me we do not pour these
impressions until the next day so we do
want the impression to rebound a little
bit since we will be connecting these
abutments with each other alright that's
it for now you guys know where to get me
if not i'll give you my phone number
again it's 5 6 1-3 916 290 and again
it's dr. jerry Cuomo here in boca raton
just talking about a bone level implant
case that's recently done in my office
alright so enjoy your day take care and
we'll talk to you next time